Dear {{ contact.first_name }},

Thank you for donating to the Wikimedia Foundation. You are wonderful!

It's easy to ignore our fundraising banners, and I'm really glad you
didn't. This is how Wikipedia pays its bills --- people like you giving
us money, so we can keep the site freely available for everyone around
the world.

People tell me they donate to Wikipedia because they find it useful,
and they trust it because even though it's not perfect, they know it's
written for them. Wikipedia isn’t meant to advance somebody's PR agenda
or push a particular ideology, or to persuade you to believe something
that's not true. We aim to tell the truth, and we can do that because
of you. The fact that you fund the site keeps us independent and able
to deliver what you need and want from Wikipedia. Exactly as it should
be.

You should know: your donation isn’t just covering your own costs. The
average donor is paying for his or her own use of Wikipedia, plus the
costs of hundreds of other people. Your donation keeps Wikipedia
available for an ambitious kid in Bangalore who’s teaching herself
computer programming. A middle-aged homemaker in Vienna who’s just been
diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease. A novelist researching 1850s
Britain. A 10-year-old in San Salvador who’s just discovered Carl
Sagan.

On behalf of those people, and the half-billion other readers of
Wikipedia and its sister sites and projects, I thank you for joining us
in our effort to make the sum of all human knowledge available for
everyone. Your donation makes the world a better place. Thank you.

Most people don't know Wikipedia's run by a non-profit. Please consider
sharing this e-mail with a few of your friends to encourage them to
donate too. And if you're interested, you should try adding some new
information to Wikipedia. If you see a typo or other small mistake,
please fix it, and if you find something missing, please add it. There
are resources that can help you [1]get started. Don't worry about
making a mistake: that's normal when people first start editing and if
it happens, other Wikipedians will be happy to fix it for you.

  Links:
    1. https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Special:UserLogin&returnto=Wikipedia:Introduction&type=signup&campaign=fr12a

I appreciate your trust in us, and I promise you we'll use your money
well.

Thanks,
Sue

Sue Gardner
Executive Director,
Wikimedia Foundation
https://donate.wikimedia.org

For your records: Your donation on {{ contribution.receive_date|date("Y-d-m") }} was {{ contribution.contribution_source }}.
{% if recurring %} {% include 'recurring/en.html' ignore missing %} {% endif %}

You can follow us on [3]Twitter, [4]identi.ca or [5]Google+, like us on
[6]Facebook and read [7]our blog. Here is the [8]Wikimedia Foundation
annual report for 2010-11, the [9]Wikimedia Foundation annual plan for
2012-13 and the [10]Wikimedia Foundation’s five-year strategic plan.
You can also now buy Wikipedia merchandise at [11]shop.wikimedia.org.

  Links:
    3. http://twitter.com/Wikipedia
    4. http://identi.ca/wikipedia
    5. https://plus.google.com/+Wikipedia/posts
    6. http://www.facebook.com/wikipedia
    7. http://blog.wikimedia.org
    8. https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Annual_Report
    9. http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/foundation/4/4f/2012-13_Wikimedia_Foundation_Plan_FINAL_FOR_WEBSITE.pdf
    10. https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Wikimedia_Movement_Strategic_Plan_Summary
    11. https://shop.wikimedia.org



This letter may serve as a record of your donation. No goods or
services were provided, in whole or in part, for this contribution. The
Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. is a non-profit charitable corporation with
501(c)(3) tax exempt status in the United States. Our address is 149
New Montgomery, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA, 94105. U.S. tax-exempt
number: 20-0049703

Opt out option:

We'd like to keep you as a donor informed of our community activities
and fundraisers. If you prefer however not to receive such emails from
us, please click below and we'll take you off the list:
[12]Unsubscribe

  Links:
    12. {{ unsubscribe_link|raw }}